Update prereq-overview.md (#7848)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/install-gde/prereq/prereq-overview.md

mysql -u magento -p
```

> Check you have the correct version of mySQL for the version of Magento you are installing, [Check Here For Supported Versions](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/install-gde/system-requirements-tech.html#database). The following result indicates the version you are running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check you have the correct version of mySQL for the version of Magento you are installing, [Check Here For Supported Versions]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/system-requirements-tech.html#database). The following result indicates the version you are running.
```
